Sheen's reputation is well established
at this point they've made a
multi-billion Dollar business out of
selling clothing that looks good in a
fake photo and then maybe after a wash
or two but that is ultimately designed
to end up in the landfill before the
next big fad reaches critical mass what
you probably didn't know is that you can
buy computer parts there I'm not saying
you should Sheen's business practices
are as controversial as their clothing
is bad and Sheen's price faing on
computer hardware makes wish.com look
good I mean look at this AMD 5600 G CPU
$185 us this gives Americans a taste of
what it's like to be Canadian or
Australian I mean guys if I could have
gotten away with saying we bought this
and just grabbing one from the warehouse
I would have but so much of the
experience of buying from these
marketplaces is the packaging and the
delivery so welcome to the all Sheen
setup it's going to be dumb but even
more importantly it's going to be filled
with surprises I have no idea what's in
store for us all I see a soyo graphics
card though that's a name I haven't seen
in a long time you know who else I
haven't seen in a long time our sponsor
ODU their all-in-one business software
can help you focus on running and
improving your business instead of
wasting time jumping between different
apps click the link below or watch till
the end of this video to learn more Shen
famously adds up to 10,000 new items to
their website every day and that doesn't
include their recent push into becoming
a thirdparty e-commerce Marketplace by
selling products they don't manufacture
like this on the b550 plus ITX
motherboard it has features like 2.5g
network card that's pretty cool dual m.2
slots all English packaging and it can
be equipped with Wi-Fi can be it's like
a motherboard Loop box I didn't get
Wi-Fi but what I did get is
compatibility for my six core 12 thread
5600 G processor so I guess I'll call
that good enough it's
$140 140 bucks for this and if you buy
it from AliExpress it would have been
$86 yeah that sounds more like it sorry
I was just noticing how crooked some of
these surface mount components are next
up we've got this beautiful ddr4 16 gig
ram from
[Music]
don't you ever talk about Kyle's mom
like that again oh no I have so many
questions here who is why is there a
badminton player on the front of the box
that is the most anime girl Ram that I
have ever seen what is up with ram every
single time we do a Marketplace build we
find a new Ram brand that I have never
heard of before can you do me a favor I
don't want to be the only one who gets
get cancelled can you read that out for
me all right it's going to be just me
thanks Andy this kit is 3200 megat
transfers per second which is just below
the sweet spot for this generation of
chip but when we saw how these looked we
had to have them how much did we pay for
these we paid $51 oo well they look cool
but that is over 50% more than buying
the exact same thing from AliExpress and
still more expensive than buying a
better product from a more reputable
brand on Amazon so we'll have some of
that stuff linked below starting to
sense a bit of a pattern here uh next up
we've got our storage and this comes
from someone you might not have heard
from for a while Kodak okay it's not
from Kodak the real Kodak went bankrupt
and now they mostly just leased their
branding to cheap e-way manufacturers
but this this is definitely different
this 120 gig X300 has got advertised
blazing speeds of 500 megabytes per
second wres 550 meab byes per second
reads oh my that's not blazing oh wow
there's nothing on this
PCB not only are there practically no
nand chips I'm willing to bet money this
does not have a dam cash look at this
it's just it's just blank yeah I don't
even think I care about the pricing of
this one this is a strong d do not
recommend dless drives can be okay these
days but that's mostly applicable to the
latest drives that support host memory
buffer in order to use your system
memory in that role this this is not one
of them in fact the packaging for this
is an outright lie it says that it is
PCI Express but in fact you can see it
is keyed for SATA operation and as we
saw from the maximum read and write
speeds it's SATA it's not PCI Express at
all oh my God it's so flimsy that if I
just oh wow go like this it holds its
shape for our next item we had to game
the system a little just like Sheen
allegedly games the system on import
taxes am I right when we were ordering
Sheen didn't have any cases for sale or
power supplies for that matter so we
looked at their history and we found one
that they had at some point that would
work for us
sounds
fast meet the vetru m03 matx case it's
got a mesh front a tempered glass side
panel and it fits up to 8 120 mm fans
and two 240 mil radiators oh I mean
that's kind of impressive for its size I
like the case for our power supply
unfortunately we had no Sheen history to
draw from so we grabbed this Sego te GM
750 W fully modular power supply off of
the to be tested very low priority shelf
over at the lab you know that doesn't
look like the official 80 plus gold
badge you you can cross reference it
right do you want to go on 80 plus and
see if the GM 750 watt is actually 80
plus gold certified everything else on
here looks pretty official they've got
California warning everything causes
cancer stickers and all that good stuff
while we waitting for that let's take a
look at our cooler is this even going to
fit in
here oh boy meet the johnb cr1 1,000 Evo
it is for your real needs not your fake
ones which is why it has so much RGB on
it I mean realistically it's probably
fine jbow has a line of really good
value cases that are honestly quite well
manufactured so I'm sure this is going
to be great just needs to fit oh yeah
that'll be fine and look at that that's
a pretty flat direct heat pipe contact
base I've got high hopes for this one
Higher hopes than I do for this thermal
compound I mean the packaging leaves
nothing to be desired Lano thermal
grease you know what you're getting wait
these application instructions though
I'm going to follow them get ready seal
it after use and store in an airtight
container to keep it from drying you're
not going to reuse this grease wipe are
you it's not like it's big or anything
you know that's it I think it's onetime
use is what I would say but I promised
to follow all the instructions for this
one
David check this out this is great this
is how they tell you to apply it what
you put it at the one end and then
spread it over why why not at the center
and spread it both ways because that's
the Lano way any word on the power
supply uh it is not on the 80 plus
website so uh this is probably not true
five bucks for the two things of thermal
pce I mean that's a good deal at least
assuming that it's anywhere near decent
what did we pay for the cooler 30 bucks
that seems it's $23 on
AliExpress I want to shoot this before
we get to the part in the script based
on this box lannis Intel AMD Nvidia
Nvidia obviously you think so
oh speaking of ripping off packaging
Styles Corsair no made in China do we
even have a brand for these Pap those
are about 650 each M the packing picture
is for reference only that's good cuz it
doesn't look anything like this is it
just me or those fins really uneven on
the packaging oh my God they are they're
not even close is this hand drawn look
how wide this Gap is here and look how
narrow this one is yeah I mean there's
lots of other problems here I mean this
would seem to indicate that this is
supposed to be RGB but I don't see a
header oh you'll see some lights though
are they one red one green and one blue
one they were actually pretty nice
looking you'll have to wait and see
audience all right they were yeah they
weren't too bad I guess I should
actually build this computer at some
point kind of fine looking build so far
hey guys let's go ahead and throw this
little fan filter on here throw our
front back
on oh yeah now it's time for our
GPU this is oh I see why you wanted to
ask me what vendor makes it the radon RX
6600 m m
oh my goodness I have so many questions
the last time I saw the name soyo on a
product they had recently exited the
motherboard business but we still had
some dead stock in the warehouse at NC
so it was kind of a curiosity even back
then I had no idea these guys still
existed the most interesting thing about
it is that this is a 6600m for mobile
with 256 fewer stream processors and the
lower power limit we should expect about
10% less performance for more
money be cool Sheen we're almost ready
to fire this thing up now but we have a
bit of a
problem this does not close anymore I'm
so confused I swear this closed before
it definitely did it's not even close
dude I don't know I just I popped it off
like this and then I put it back on and
he no fit that aside though this is a
really clean looking build now all we
need is some peripherals here's your
monitor I see
another problem we faced is that Sheen
doesn't sell full-sized gaming monitors
but what they do have is quite the array
of portable monitors like this 16-in
relatch 1600p
ooh 144 HZ display it's got two USBC
ports a mini
HDMI and a folding stand that we are
going to replace oh with this arm yes uh
how is this a monitor stand it's not
it's a it's for iPads oh good I'm not
gonna lie I'm kind of into this it's low
profile it's lightweight easy to move
around how's the price though
$22 ah okay not great I found the catch
but I mean hey, 1600p 144 Herz yeah for
$200 that seems like not
unreasonable it's not
great I me
I love it I mean it holds it pretty good
to their credit at least they include a
crappy mini HDMI cable it's not really
long enough to pick it down I have
adapters you can okay it's just going to
go here no David this is the all Sheen
PC so we are using our parts from Sheen
there beautiful there's your keyboard oh
good the he gaming keyboard 61 Keys RGB
light mode type c wired keyboard ABS
plastic and that's all the information
we got hey yep well there's how it's
wired up now we know that if this cost
more than $18 we got ripped is $29 oh
okay that's not as bad as I might have
thought switch life 10 million times 10
million times what
0.1 uh and then Mouse this looks like a
camel's toe which makes me a little
uncomfortable thanks YH Consulting
Limited
favorite Mouse brand it's the m6 pink oh
it's a bunny oh you didn't actually see
that I thought it was just supposed to
be ergonomic or something oh no no no
it's a bunny oh and it comes with
stickers and here's your beautiful desk
pad oh no Esports girl what the hell is
Esports girl you guys will see it before
I do I forgot what I ordered this is
great wow the face on this Orca is a
little oh w wow dude this keyboard is so
light it weighs
nothing oh
man how did you manage to make such a
small keyboard that flexes so very much
that's actually impressive all right
here we go it's
time oh wow those fans look pretty good
they are not RGB hey they're exactly
what I said but they look pretty okay
they're red green and blue we paid way
too much for it but it at least it looks
pretty cool it was around $880 for the
computer that is way too much money for
the computer we got there's more isn't
there let me show you the
rest where is
that wow
uh is this a is this supposed to be a
webcam no it's security camera oh oh you
know why it doesn't look good is we
haven't turned on all the lights yet oh
that makes oh oh oh good the security
part is where they can never spy on you
because their camera is not good enough
for anyone to see what the heck is going
on I guess more light did not help
before we take a closer look at this
monstrosity that David has set
up I just want to say before we shot
this video I didn't realize how big of a
deal Sheen really is in 22 one of every
25 women surveyed said that Shen was
their primary source of clothing the
next year Shen was the second most
downloaded app in the US falling only
behind teamu and if the rumors are true
and it gets listed on the public stock
exchanges analysts predict that it would
be worth more than H&M and Zara combined
but why do people buy from there if they
know about the allegations well price
thanks to stolen and AI generated
designs and questionable labor practices
they can offer their products at
exceptionally low prices like this
outfit David has handpicked for me oh
boy langang Jang L black what is that
it's a chain how much was this chain uh
like a dollar a dollar all the jewelry
stuff is like exceptionally cheap I
think the last time I saw a chain like
this for a dollar like in a dollar store
I was probably below 10 years old I
probably should have let lonus unbox a
septum
ring septum ring what's a septum ring uh
it's this oh
why okay how much was this uh less than
a dollar like oh oh you look so
cool like a like a
bull that's
bull I feel like an
idiot this one is isn't quite meant to
be
worn it's a USB stick no way a guitar
USB stick why did you say it like that a
guitar like Forest oh I see I see do you
want this on your body or in your
computer I genuinely kind of like it oh
no you're falling for it oh crap why are
you so determined to make me look like a
douchebag Hey That's My
Style it's okay these white Slack are
going to save the
day how much was that these were 25
bucks oh that's not even that cheap is
it this is not for cheap is that or
Canan well $32 Canadian those look
really cheap though they really crappy
like this material is not meant to be on
pants like this is going to fall apart
as soon as you put it on this shirt I
mean there's no way that I need that
many buttons thank you very much yeah
okay put on the SL oh God oh God that
it's like it's like pillowcase maybe
that's actually exactly what it feels
like is is a pillowcase the sizing for
these is just
medium whatever that means let's hope my
waist and leg length is uh is medium
enough I feel like those are a little
too transparent we're all about
transparency here at lus Media Group
well there's the pocket bag I found that
for you and then uh finishing Cup oh my
God there's
more this was like $9 this was $9 that's
too much for this check this out guys I
leaned over to get my prompter remote
and look what happens to the
clothes can you hear that
sound this is why when we build stuff
for LTD store we move in the clothing
cuz that's a thing that people do and we
see refreshing our Styles infrequently
as a feature not a bug check out the
extra comfy Dropout hoodie for example
at LTD store.com no fast fashion here
the second reason reason that people buy
from Sheen is that it's a Slickers
smarter wish.com with sophisticated AI
algorithms and Tech that helps push
exactly the kind of products that you
probably want honestly speaking our
shopping experience was as smooth as
butter and the delivery was professional
as well none of the silly reused boxes
and packing materials that we saw with
the all wish PC with that said when we
tried to check out while the product
pages of Many Items indicated that they
would ship to us we would get a popup
during checkout that let us know the
items would not ship to us and then we
had some issues with our orders being
cancelled due to fraud protection maybe
our company name on the order scared
them thankfully for the couple of items
that we really wanted to see we were
able to find the same product cheaper
elsewhere like this bm800 microphone and
streamer full setup she ended up saving
us like 15 bucks by sucking it comes
with the shock mount the boom arm a pop
filter cables and even a neat little
interface that has real time monitoring
of levels hello hello okay that's
legitimately kind of cool it even wow it
wait oh what it's an XLR mic but it
comes with an XLR to 3 and half mil
adapter I'm sure it sounds great though
why don't we give it a try though do we
have any headon we have beautiful flesh
tone elf ear
headphones we your wonderful I know I've
talked to you about this before but
every time I see a product like this I
think think with what I know about
manufacturing and molding costs and
minimum order
quantities thousands of these must exist
which means thousands of people must
have bought elf ear inear headphones but
really though who are you describe the
comfort of Elf years they seem
reasonably comfortable actually I'm
actually a fan of over thee headphones
so this seems you know right up my alley
yeah I have the alier out yeah
you're enjoying this too much David I
know I'm not supposed
to okay that's a lot of background hiss
oh wow this mic sounds like absolute ass
Have you listened to it yet uh I only
listened to it through the monitoring
and it was yeah not not great oh this is
my first time using this keyboard it is
truly awful but it looks so cute it does
look cute but it's awful um wow it's
real RGB for that price though did you
I'm pretty impressed with that normally
you just have LEDs in a bunch of
different color oh my goodness this
listening to myself through this
microphone is horrible here we go record
all right check check check check check
check check check check check check
check check test test test test I was
hoping that turning down the levels
would improve the recording quality a
little bit but it's pretty clear that
that's not going to happen wow even
getting in close to it it
just oh this sounds really bad before we
game there's a couple things we haven't
talked about yet what is this yeah I got
a couple of these uh Cloud kits that
come with RGB light
how much do you pay then for some cheap
stuffing and an RGB string it's 17 bucks
it's very overpriced uh I'm doing these
Cloud things again in a different video
but all separate parts uh and they're
going to be many more and much
cheaper oh no I didn't even notice the
pedals for this wheel oh boy I noticed
the batteries for these ring lights died
already yeah that's uh pretty bad here
we go
boys how is the dead zone that big did
you have you used this I did it it it
was very
terrible how is this so bad is it even
analog or is it just it might just be a
digital yeah it might just be and it
wasn't particularly cheap it was about
50 bucks no yeah let me oh my God this
is
unusable why do people manufacture this
garbage I would be so much better off
with even this keyboard
what what what is oh my God it's an arm
that just goes around you yeah and it's
a not quite the size of a man torso so
you know it's a muscle boy
torso what is the point of this how much
is this it's for Comfort normally it
would be in a chair we don't have a
chair cuz I don't sell chairs on Sheen
um but it's it's for um moral support
you know okay everybody needs a
buddy how much is my friend here uh it's
$44 you get it for uh like 20 bucks on
AliExpress though I thought you'd want
to know that make you feel
better time to play some Fashion Police
Squad which I have never played it's
pretty darn fun cool you know this mouse
is not nearly as bad as I expected we've
had way worse joky Mouse before and the
monitor too yeah fine yep no complaints
yeah if I had to bring this traveling
with me I'd be pretty satisfied yeah
this computer is not very fast though it
seems not fast enough for what's in it
you would think it would be better yeah
so when things are glowing you're going
to have to right click that sucks the
color out of those people uh but for
these gray ones you need to shoot color
on them cuz they're so boring oh yeah
they're boring oh yeah now they have tan
suits Grace it's the
worst your frame rates are fine for a
game that's not challenging at all yeah
130 like that's very playable but this
is not a challenging game for a computer
I got to say this system doesn't seem as
Snappy as I might have expected it to be
yeah I think the SSD is probably
actually the biggest problem in here
we're almost at the capacity and it's a
crappy SS to begin with and so anytime
things are going on and off of the SSD
it just the whole system seizes and
power world will really give you a look
at performance all right let's check out
pal World W performance actually better
than it was when I was playing it before
yeah this is very playable it's not good
time playable no but it's fine we're
hovering around 30 to 40 we're not being
Divas about it this is definitely
playable nothing intense has happened
right but still I think when the guns
come out I have a feeling that 30 is
going to be dude look at me my guns are
already
out I can take him we're about to find
out I just want to see what happens if
he hits you once
ah oh no oh you had more survivability
than I expected that's fine I can take
this one I don't think you who I don't
think you can over the other
one why they're going to fight each
other oh that was a Pro Gamer move but I
think that deer oh balls is there
anything else for us to look at we have
some beautiful aesthetic pieces we have
this beautiful sunset lamp that I've
seen advertised on every social media
ever turns out just like I expected it
really sucks it's an RGB LED with a lens
yeah it's like a slightly more powerful
than what's on a strip LED how much was
it it was about $6 okay that's
realistically probably and this was
about $35
and I love this one okay so that's the
one thing you'd recommend oh 100% I
might try and take this
home
wait I just figured out that this creepy
awful camera is a light
bulb ew is this for like Airbnb creeps
yeah and like keeping an eye on your
Nanny cuz you don't trust
her it's gross yeah good thing the
quality sucks yeah I don't even think
you'd be able to tell anything thing oh
no my nanny is tearing in
half in summary computer parts are
computer parts and if they're there you
can assemble them and you can get a
functioning computer but you shouldn't
the pricing sucks the selection sucks
and you're supporting a company that
engages in very questionable business
practices so if you're not comfortable
with any of that why not check out our
sponsor Odo if you're running a business
it's pretty likely you're using more
than a few apps to tie everything
together well odu's Allin one business
management software streamlines all of
those processes into one unified
operating system no more logging into a
billion different websites just to sell
one polka dot umbrella check out their
CRM and sales apps which make lead
generation and closing deals easier than
ever their point of sale and inventory
apps make selling and keeping track of
tangible items of Breeze and their
accounting app lets you autocreate and
send invoices and integrates with 28,000
Banks from all around the world plus
with how custom iable Odo is you only
need to choose the apps that your
business needs because your successful
umbrella business probably doesn't need
a kitchen display app for example though
if it does ODU has you covered there too
and if you find yourself only ever
needing a single app you can use that
for free so start unifying your
processes by checking out ODU at the
link below for a free 14-day trial or to
set up a demo with their expert team if
you guys enjoyed this video why don't
you check out the all team you build teu
I still can't remember it doesn't matter
people are so mad that I didn't know how
to pronounce it like I'm sorry for not
caring and not buying from these guys